USEID-156 eID Implementation and custom API (#43)
digitalservicebund/useid-backend-service: doc/adr/0011-separation-eid-implementation.md

> # 11. eID implementation in separate Microservice (Java based server due to Java SDK) and additional custom API for eService

Reviewer: Too much context/reasoning in title
```suggestion
# 11. eID implementation in separate Microservice
```

Date: 2022-07-11

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> There are 2 types of online administration website (eService) available
> 
> 1. eService with eID integration (Magnus Flow)
> 2. eService without eID integration (Paula flow)
> 
> This document is a decision record for any eService who wishes to use eID with our solution (Paula Flow).

Reviewer: Paula and Magnus Flow might not be known to everybody and maybe are subject to change in future. 
```suggestion
Some eService ("Dienstanbieter") don't have an existing eID integration in place. Therefore, we need to implement the eID integration in our backend to extend our possible customer range. 
```

## Decision

> 1. We separate the identification logic as a standalone backend rather than embedding the logic in the eService backend.
> 2. We build a Java-based backend because we are going to utilize Java SDK from the eID server provider.
> 3. The microservice should work as an intermediate or proxy server without storing any personal data.
> 4. The microservice should provide an interface for the eService to initiate identification securely.

Reviewer: Sorting by number might lead to distractions. 
```suggestion
- We separate the identification logic as a standalone backend rather than embedding the logic in the eService backend.
- We build a Java-compatible backend because we are going to utilize the Java SDK from the eID server provider.
- The microservice should work as an intermediate or proxy server without storing any personal data.
- The microservice should provide an interface for the eService to initiate identification securely.
```

## Consequences

> 1. We are not re-writing the SDK in another programming language because it will increase our development time.
> 2. The interoperability of Java and Kotlin will ease our development.
> 3. Any eService can integrate easily with Paula Flow.

Reviewer: remove static reference to Paula 👧 and the number sorting. 
```suggestion
- We are not re-writing the SDK in another programming language because it will increase our development time.
- The interoperability of Java and Kotlin will ease our development.
- Any eService can integrate with our solution. 
```
